
   AGREEMENT ON SUPPLY OF SOFTWARE PRODUCT AND GRANTING RIGHTS OF USE TO THE
                                    PRODUCT
                                        
         concluded pursuant to provision of Section 1746 par. 2 of the
                  Act No. 89/2012., the Civil Code, as amended

                             
                             1. Contracting Parties

1.1. The Contractor:

Firm:               Position s.r.o.
Registered office:  Prague 2, Londynska 665/45, 120 00, Czech Republic
Statutory body:     Jiri Tulach, executive, and Petr Masek, executive
                    Company identification No.: 26422816, 
                    tax identification No.: CZ26422816

The company is incorporated in the Companies Register kept by the Municipal 
Court in Prague, Section C, Insert No. 81053

1.2. The Licensee:  The party accepting Agreement proposal and agreeing 
                    with conclusion hereof.

The Parties conclude this Agreement by which the Contractor undertakes to 
supply the below specified software and to transfer rights of use to the 
software and the Licensee undertakes to take it over and to pay the price 
for Software use in the case of a commercial Software use by the Licensee. 


             2. Subject of the Agreement and fundamental provisions

1)  By this Agreement the Contractor undertakes to supply the Licensee 
    with program products for the development of Controls.js applications 
    (hereinafter referred to as the “Software”) according to the Licensee´s 
    order for a number of users selected by the Licensee and to transfer the 
    right of use to the Software to the Licensee and the Licensee undertakes 
    to pay the agreed price in case of using the Software for commercial 
    purposes. For the purposes of this Agreement the transfer of the right 
    of use is understood in the following manner: the Contractor shall provide 
    the supply of authorizations to use the Software (licenses) which are 
    granted to the Licensee by the author or person which the author granted 
    authorization to if the author and the Contractor are different persons. 

2)  The Contractor hereby declares that the Software contains other works of 
    third parties. 

3)  The Contractor hereby declares that it is not aware of any legal defects 
    of the Software and pursuant to the interpretation of the license 
    agreements of the owners of program products copyrights, if these owners 
    are not the Contractor, it is authorized to licensed sale of the Software 
    and to conclude this Agreement.   

4)  The Contractor undertakes by this Agreement to transfer the right of use 
    to the Software and the Licensee acquires the right of use to the Software 
    under terms listed in the subject license. 

5)  The Licensee hereby declares that it is well aware of the terms of the 
    subject license, in particular the fact that the granted license rights 
    are not exclusive and non-transferable to third parties and it is 
    familiarized with them and it hereby undertakes to adhere to them and 
    respect them. 


                           3. Methods of Software use

A)  Use of the Software for noncommercial purposes

1)  Use of the Software for noncommercial purposes is understood as any use 
    of the Software when the Licensee does not seek profit realization and 
    profit is not realized by using the Software. Noncommercial use is also 
    understood as using the Software for purposes of its evaluation, testing 
    and further development of the software under the condition that if the 
    Software is further developed, the final product may not be of a 
    commercial alternative nature to the software. The Licensee of the 
    Software for noncommercial purposes shall not be provided with Software 
    updates and its support. 

B)  Use of the Software products for commercial purposes 

1)  Use of the Software for commercial purposes is understood as using the 
    Software for the purpose of realization of profit or for the purpose 
    of a further use of the Software as part of other Licensee´s products 
    (final product) under the condition that the final product may not be 
    of a commercial or noncommercial alternative nature to the Software. 

2)  If a party interested in purchasing the Software intends to further use 
    or develop the Software for the purpose of creation of its own 
    development system, system for development of web application or for 
    the purpose of developing its own environment for website creation, it 
    is obliged to request the Contractor to issue a special license (OEM). 
    The license to the Software does not serve for these purposes. 

3)  If a party interested in purchasing the Software intends to further use 
    or develop the Software for the purpose of its distribution jointly with 
    HW device in the form of preinstalled Software, it is obliged to request 
    the Contractor to issue a special license (OEM) if the total number of 
    HW devices does exceed 1000 devices. The license to the Software does 
    not serve for these purposes.

4)  The Licensee using the Software for commercial use is entitled to 
    provision of support services to the software product from the Contractor 
    for the duration of the period stated in the Licensee´s order. 

5)  The Contractor does not provide service support to the final products of 
    the Licensee by any means.

6)  Long-term maintenance comprises of modification of the Software for the 
    purpose of adjustment of performance and other properties. It includes 
    the following:

    a) The right to delivery of a new Software version.
    b) Informational email regarding release of a new Software version 
       including description of what is new in the version.
    c) Provision of support in the form of replies to email enquiries of 
       the Licensee (email support). 

7)  The Licensee has the right to 50 email-support questions per year and 
    the Contractor undertakes to provide the necessary support by replies 
    to these questions within 72 hours on working days from receiving the 
    question. The Contractor´s working days are Monday – Friday 8:00-17:00 
    (8am – 5pm) GMT +1. In the question the Licensee is obliged to state 
    information which allows identification of its license. 

8)  The Licensee is obliged to immediately inform the provider in writing 
    if the Software requires maintenance or if it does not work properly. 


                    4. Time, place and method of fulfillment

1)  The Contractor shall allow the Licensee to download the Software by 
    an email message which shall contain link for Software download. The 
    Licensee explicitly agrees with this method of download.

2)  Software installation shall be executed by the Licensee at its own 
    risk and expenses. 

3)  The Licensee undertakes to ensure that in the case of purchasing the 
    commercial license the number of Licensee´s employees and developers, 
    who shall be authorized to use the Software, shall be the same as the 
    number of licenses purchased by the Licensee. 


                           5. Price and payment terms

1)  The Contracting Parties arrange the remuneration (price) which the 
    Licensee shall pay to the Contractor in accordance with Licensee´s 
    order made during Software order process in electronic form.  

2)  The above mentioned price does not include European Union value added 
    tax (VAT) and the Licensee takes notice that the Contractor is a VAT 
    payer. 

3)  The Agreed price results from currently valid price list of the 
    Contractor for Software at the moment of conclusion hereof. The 
    Licensee takes notice that expenses of the Contractor or expenses 
    paid by the Contractor which are not mentioned herein are not included 
    in amounts listed herein and the Contractor is authorized to charge 
    these expenses individually after substantiation and the Licensee 
    is obliged to pay these expenses to the Contractor. 


     6. Ownership right and transfer of damage risk to the program products

1)  The Licensee is authorized to use the Software in accordance with 
    license terms which shall be handed over to the Licensee. The Licensee 
    is obliged to ensure respecting of these provisions and provisions of 
    the license terms by its employees and third parties which shall be 
    in contact with the subject Software in any way. 

2)  In particular, the Licensee is not authorized to operate, use, copy 
    or change the program product other than as specified in the license 
    terms.

3)  The risk of damage to things, HW and SW, supplied to the Licensee by 
    the Contractor shall pass to the Licensee at the moment of their 
    takeover, respectively supply. 

4)  Damage to a thing, HW or SW, which originated after transfer of its 
    risk to the Licensee, does not affect its obligation to pay the agreed 
    price unless the damage was caused exclusively by violation of 
    Contractor´s obligation. 


                         7. Warranty and responsibility

1)  The Contractor is responsible for ensuring that the subject of 
    fulfillment, in accordance with individual specific agreements 
    concluded between the Licensee and the Contractor, has the properties 
    determined by binding standards, concluded agreements of the Parties 
    hereof, for at least 6 months and the Contractor is also responsible 
    for ensuring that the subject of the fulfillment is complete and 
    without legal defects. 

2)  The warranty period is 6 months and commences on the day of Software 
    download in accordance with this Agreement. The Licensee is obliged to 
    inform the Contractor about legal defects without undue delay after it 
    discovers these defects. 

3)  The Software has legal defects if it is burdened with a right of 
    a third party and the Licensee has not been informed about this burden. 

4)  The Licensee is obliged to inspect the subject of the fulfillment, 
    respectively its part, at takeover and inform the Contractor about 
    defects without undue delay after discovery of the defects, however, 
    at the latest within the end of the warranty period.  

5)  The Licensee is obliged to object defects detectable at takeover, 
    respectively delivery (obvious defects), i.e. defects in amount 
    and versions, at the latest within 5 working days from the takeover, 
    respectively delivery, to the Contractor in writing. After this period 
    the Contractor is obliged to remove such defects solely if the Licensee 
    proves that the goods had such defects already at delivery and the 
    Licensee could not have discovered these defects at the delivery.

6)  In a complaint, in notification of defects, the defect shall be described, 
    eventually the Licensee is obliged to state in what way the defect 
    manifests and the complaint and notification shall also contain the 
    method of requested repair. According to circumstance the complaint 
    shall also contain evidence which shall allow verification of the 
    justifiability of the complaint. The exercised method of remedy of 
    the defects may not be changed by the Licensee without a written 
    agreement of the Contractor. 

7)  Liability rights extinct if the complaint is not filed at the latest 
    within the end of the warranty period. 

8)  Warranty period does not run for the length of the period during which 
    the Licensee is not able to use the things due to defects which the 
    Contractor is responsible for. 

9)  The Contractor is obliged to remove the defects claimed in the warranty 
    period free of charge within 30 days if it is technically and legally 
    possible and if participation of the Licensee or a third party is not 
    required. In case of the necessity of the Licensee´s participation or 
    participation of a third party the subject period is extended 
    appropriately by the period for which the Licensee or a third party 
    were obliged to execute anything, eventually for a period for which 
    these parties were inactive. 

10) The Contractor is not responsible for deterioration of the properties 
    of the subject of fulfillment or for damages which were caused during 
    or after fulfillment by the Licensee, other Contractor of the Licensee 
    or eventually any other party other than the Contractor, or for damages 
    which were caused by unavoidable events.  

    In particular, the warranty does not apply to the following cases of 
    damage of the HW, SW and the system:

    a) damage caused by unprofessional manipulation,
    b) damage caused by supply or failure of electric power supply which 
       does not fulfill the specification for the given device including 
       lightning and momentary voltage peaks,
    c) damage caused by natural disasters,
    d) damage as a consequence of a break-in, or commission of a crime 
       or offence,
    e) virus infection by computer viruses caused by negligent manipulation 
       by the Licensee or third parties,
    f) damage caused by incorrect Software use, unprofessional modification 
       of the application program or system program equipment and environment 
       including modification of system configuration,
    g) errors originating from placing computers or information media in 
       unsuitable environment such as humidity, dustiness, electromagnetic 
       interference and electrostatic discharges.
    h) reinstallation of deleted software of software damaged 
       by unprofessional manipulation.

11) The Contractor is not responsible for the consequences of use of the 
    Software by the Licensee. In this regard the Contractor is simultaneously 
    not liable for system malfunctions caused by the fact that it is used 
    by the Licensee or third parties for activities which it was not designed 
    for (e.g. for training, games etc.) and for a result expected by the 
    Licensee which depends on the level of knowledge and abilities of the end 
    Licensees of the system and on the fact that these Licensees do not 
    make any errors or mistakes during system use. 

12) The Licensee is liable for any damages that incur to the Contractor or 
    license author as a consequence of license terms violation, in particular 
    as a consequence of copyright violation.  


                        8. Withdrawal from the Agreement

1)  The Contracting Parties agree that delivery of Software with irremovable 
    defects which render the Software inapplicable in standard manner in 
    accordance with the supplied documentation and failure to remove the 
    defects by the Contractor by claimed method in the period of 60 working 
    days is considered as a reason for the Licensee to withdraw from the 
    Agreement. 

2)  The Contracting Parties agree that delay in payment of the agreed part 
    of the purchase price by more than 60 days or violation of license terms 
    is a reason for which the Contractor is authorized to withdraw from 
    the Agreement. 


                                9. Governing law

1)  The issues which are not regulated or issues which are only partly 
    regulated by this Agreement are subject to the law of the Czech Republic, 
    in particular the Act No. 89/2012 Coll., the Civil Code.

2)  This Agreement is concluded and interpreted in accordance with the Czech 
    laws and other generally binding applicable norms. 


                              10. Final provisions

1)  The Agreement becomes effective and valid on the day of its conclusion 
    by both Contracting Parties. The Agreement is concluded electronically 
    in the English language. 

2)  Both Contracting Parties declare that they have read this Agreement 
    before its conclusion and that it was concluded after mutual discussion 
    as an expression of their free will, definitely, seriously and 
    comprehensibly and the Contracting Parties are not under pressure or 
    under strikingly unfavorable conditions.

3)  Part of the Software is the license of third parties of conditions for 
    provision of license to their works.   
  